[docs] added ycql-stat-statements and yb_local_tablets pages to stable (#22877)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/explore/query-1-performance/_index.md

    icon="/images/section_icons/develop/learn.png">}}

  {{<index/item

>     title="Get query statistics using pg_stat_statements and ycql_stat_statements."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="Get query statistics"
```

>     body="Track planning and execution statistics for all SQL statements executed by a server."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    body="Track planning and execution statistics for all statements executed by a server using pg_stat_staments and ycql_stat_statements."
```
